Update contribution guide regarding IzzyOnDroid repo (#571)
offa/android-foss: CONTRIBUTING.md

If a package is available on [**F-Droid**](https://f-droid.org/) it can be linked using the `https://f-droid.org/app/<App ID>` URL.
If not yet, it's a good idea to promote F-Droid submission to the projects developer.

> [**IzzyOnDroid**](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/) can be linked using `https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/<App ID>`, if the package is *not* marked by *NonFreeComp* or *NonFreeDepNonFreeDep*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**IzzyOnDroid**](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/) can be linked using `https://apt.izzysoft.de/packages/<App ID>`, if the package is *not* marked by *NonFreeComp* or *NonFreeDep*.
```

(same as with F-Droid). While currently, `packages` redirects to `fdroid/index/apk`, this might change one day – `fdroid/index/apk` _might_ be gone, but `packages` is sure to stay.

Oh, and double-paste for `NonFreeDep` should of course be fixed. I wonder why you don't have that one excluded for F-Droid as well then? `NonFreeDep` means the app has a non-free dependency, i.e. something that must be present on the device – while `NonFreeComp` means the APK _includes_ a non-free dependency. The latter anti-feature exists at IzzyOnDroid only, while `NonFreeDep` is present at F-Droid as well. Hence, it should be handled the same for both IMHO.

Author: Indeed, that's a good point. I'll update accordingly.

If the package is available on both, link F-Droid first, IzzyOnDroid second.

*Examples:*

```markdown
# Project page only: <Project>
* [**Example Project**](https://github.com/example/proj)

# F-Droid only: <Project> <F-Droid>

> * [**Example Project**](https://github.com/example/proj) <sup>**[[F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/app/ex.ample.proj)]**</sup>

Reviewer: To my knowledge, it is. The nearest reference to that is [this API reference](https://f-droid.org/en/docs/All_our_APIs/) – ah, wait, their [Badges page](https://f-droid.org/en/docs/Badges/) has it explicitly:

<img width="661" height="376" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b457119e-e319-4cd4-ac71-566b86a55650" />

> * [**Example Project**](https://github.com/example/proj) <sup>**[[F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/app/ex.ample.proj)]**</sup>

Author: Docs updated, the rest follows in #572.

> * [**Example Project**](https://github.com/example/proj) <sup>**[[F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/app/ex.ample.proj)]**</sup>

Reviewer: LGTM, thanks!
